README.md, before:

# Captura
&copy; [Copyright 2016](LICENSE.md) Mathew Sachin

Capture Screen, Audio, Cursor, Mouse Clicks and Keystrokes using [Screna](https://github.com/MathewSachin/Screna).

![ScreenShot](ScreenShot.png)

# Features
- Take ScreenShots
- Capture ScreenCasts (Avi/Gif)
- Capture with/without Mouse Cursor
- Capture Specific Regions or Windows
- Capture Mouse Clicks or Keystrokes
- Record Audio from Microphone **AND/OR** Speaker Output (Wasapi Loopback)

# Build Requirements
1. [Visual Studio 2015](https://visualstudio.com) or greater.
2. Download [BASS Audio library](http://www.un4seen.com/download.php?bass24) (*bass.dll* - x86/x64 as required) and place in build output folder.
2. Download [BASSmix](http://www.un4seen.com/download.php?bassmix24) (*bassmix.dll* - x86/x64 as required) and place in build output folder.
3. Download [Lame Mp3 Encoding libraries](http://lame.sourceforge.net) (**Optional**) (need licensing for commercial use) (_lameenc32.dll_ and _lameenc64.dll_) and place in build output folder.

> The dependency libraries for x64 can be found in [Releases](https://github.com/MathewSachin/Captura/releases).

Commit message:

Making Captura Better (#48)
Collapsible UI

## Code Structure
- Uses C# 7.
- Visual Studio 2017 is required.
- Added appveyor.yml
- Added Screna as submodule.

## Modular
Captura has been made highly modular.
Only _Screna.dll_ is required for Captura to run.
_MouseKeyHook_, _FFMpeg_, _SharpAvi_ and _BASS_ are optional.

## System Tray
- Video/Audio Recorded, ScreenShot Taken notifications.
- Notifications can be clicked to open corresponding file.
- Start/Stop/Pause/Resume Recording or Take ScreenShots or Exit from Tray.
- Added Minimize to System Tray option.

## Video/Audio Writers
- Video Witers grouped by Kind.
- Added FFMpeg encoding support (using ffmpeg.exe) (optional) (realtime when audio or video alone, post-processing when both).
- Dropped SharpAvi LAME Mp3 encoding support.
- Mp3 encoding supported using FFMpeg.

## Region Capture
- Region as Video Kind.
- Removed functionality of using RegionSelector in Window Video Kind.
- RegionSelector is more visible.
- Region Selector displays only when selected kind is Region.
- Region Selector can be moved but not resized during capture.
- Borders and Header of Region Selector are ignored in Region capture.

### Hotkeys
- `Ctrl + Alt + Shift + R` for Starting/Stopping Recording.
- `Ctrl + Alt + Shift + P` for Pausing/Resuming Recording.
- `Ctrl + Alt + Shift + S` for ScreenShot.
- Manually set Hotkeys.

## Other
- IncludeCursor defaults to True.
- Recent List shows latest items first.
- Improved MouseKeyHook Overlay.
- Added Fallback when Transparent Window ScreenShot fails.
- Added Taskbar Overlay while Recording or Paused.
- Disable Configuration during Capture.

README.md, after:

# Captura
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/cgobcowf79uc5dx0/branch/master??svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/MathewSachin/captura)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/MathewSachin/Captura.svg)](LICENSE.md)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/MathewSachin/Screna.svg)](https://gitter.im/MathewSachin/Screna)  
&copy; [Copyright 2017](LICENSE.md) Mathew Sachin

Capture Screen, Audio, Cursor, Mouse Clicks and Keystrokes using [Screna](https://github.com/MathewSachin/Screna).

![ScreenShot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/MathewSachin/Captura/img/expanded.png)

# Features
- Take ScreenShots
- Capture ScreenCasts (Avi/Gif)
- Capture with/without Mouse Cursor
- Capture Specific Regions or Windows
- Capture Mouse Clicks or Keystrokes
- Record Audio from Microphone **AND/OR** Speaker Output (Wasapi Loopback)
- Modular (Only _Screna.dll_ is a required dependency).

# Getting Started
1. [Visual Studio 2017](https://visualstudio.com) or greater is required.
2. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/MathewSachin/Captura.git`.
3. Fetch Submodules: `git submodule init` and `git submodule update`.
4. Restore NuGet packages for `Screna.sln` in `Screna` folder.
5. Restore NuGet packages for `Captura.sln` in `src` folder.

## Optional Native Libraries
Download and place in build output directory (x86 or x64 as required).
These may need licensing for commercial use.
x64 libraries are available in [Releases](https://github.com/MathewSachin/Captura/releases).

### Audio Recording/Loopback and Mixing
- [BASS Audio library](http://www.un4seen.com/download.php?bass24) - *bass.dll*.
- [BASSmix](http://www.un4seen.com/download.php?bassmix24) - *bassmix.dll*.

### Video and/or Audio Encoding
- [FFMpeg](https://ffmpeg.zeranoe.com/builds/) - *ffmpeg.exe* (Static build recommended).

# Acknowledgements
- [SharpAvi](https://github.com/bassill/sharpavi) for helping improve the idea.
- [Material Design Icons](https://materialdesignicons.com) for the Icons.
- [Modern UI](https://github.com/firstfloorsoftware/mui) for the styles.
